<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [openrct2-flexui](./openrct2-flexui.md) &gt; [Binder](./openrct2-flexui.binder.md)

## Binder interface

The binder helps with binding stores from a viewmodel to a target inside a window.

**Signature:**

```typescript
interface Binder<TTarget> 
```

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[add(target, key, value, converter)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.add.md)


</td><td>

Reads the specified value and writes it to the target. If the value is a store, a one-way binding will be added. If the target was nameless, an id will be assigned to it. An optional converter can be supplied if the value is of a different type and to be converted.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[add(target, key, value)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.add_1.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[callback(target, key, value, callback)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.callback.md)


</td><td>

If the value is a two-way store, it will be updated whenever the function specified by `key` is invoked on the target, creating a reverse on-way binding. If the value is not a two-way store, it will be ignored. If another callback is specified, it will be invoked after the store is updated.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[callback(target, key, value, callback, converter)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.callback_1.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[on(target, value, callback)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.on.md)


</td><td>

Reads the specified value and applies it to the target via a custom callback. If the value is a store, a binding will be added. If the target was nameless, an id will be assigned to it.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[twoway(target, inKey, outKey, value, callback)](./openrct2-flexui.binder.twoway.md)


</td><td>

Reads the specified value and writes it to the target. If the value is a store, a binding will be added. If the value is a two-way bindable, the store will automatically be updated when the out-key callback is called. If the target was nameless, an id will be assigned to it. This method is effectively calling `add()` and `callback()` in that order.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
