<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [openrct2-flexui](./openrct2-flexui.md) &gt; [ArrayStore](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.md)

## ArrayStore interface

A store for arrays that can be modified without replacing the entire array.

**Signature:**

```typescript
interface ArrayStore<T> extends Store<T[]> 
```
**Extends:** [Store](./openrct2-flexui.store.md)<!-- -->&lt;T\[\]&gt;

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[insert(index, items)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.insert.md)


</td><td>

Inserts one or more elements into the array at the specified index, and returns its new length. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[pop()](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.pop.md)


</td><td>

Removes the last element from the array and returns it. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[push(items)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.push.md)


</td><td>

Appends the new elements to the end of the array and returns its new length. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[resize(length)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.resize.md)


</td><td>

Sets the length of the array to the specified value. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[set(array)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.set.md)


</td><td>

Updates the current value to a new one. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[set(index, item)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.set_1.md)


</td><td>

Updates the element at the specified index and returns the value it replaced. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[shift()](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.shift.md)


</td><td>

Removes the first element from the array and returns it. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[sort(compareFn)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.sort.md)


</td><td>

Reorders all items in the array according to the comparison function if specified, or otherwise in ASCII character order. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[splice(start, deleteCount)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.splice.md)


</td><td>

Removes one or more element at the specified index and returns it. If specified, any new items will also be inserted at the specified index. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[splice(start, deleteCount, items)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.splice_1.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[unshift(items)](./openrct2-flexui.arraystore.unshift.md)


</td><td>

Inserts new elements at the start of the array and returns its new length. Notifies all listeners with the updated array.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
